## Data structures and algorithms

The artifact is an application written in C# that is a blog site for a user that is signed in and allows them to post content on the site. Users are able to read and post comments on blog posts that can be moderated by users that are specifically moderators. I selected this item because it has the opportunity to use an algorithm to display each blog post in a formatted list. It uses data structures such as a hashset to be able to contain all the posts from a particular blog user. These parts of the artifact showcase my skills and abilities in algorithms and data structures. My artifact was improved by adding the date posted of each project for the information to be displayed. I will add the author name in the details of the blog post to allow for credit within the blog post. These details will be part of the algorithm that will display the amount of blog posts created, this will be displayed based on blog posts and prevents any hard coded data. This enhancement is aligned with the course outcomes by employing strategies for building collaborative environments that enable diverse audiences to support organizational decision-making in the field of computer science. Design and evaluate computing solutions that solve a given problem using algorithmic principles and computer science practices and standards appropriate to its solution while managing the trade-offs involved in design choices. The challenge I faced was figuring out how to print the name of the user by associating it with the blog post at first. This was confusing at first until I remembered to have the blog post having the object of a user to be the way to print out the correct name. Using the datetime type was great to use as having different formats would show the date and also time, depending on the format you chose to pick.

Video of enhancement: https://youtu.be/V7UPRvBHjhg
